Hello Tony, did you enjoy your visit to New York?
Yes I did. I had a great time. We went to the top of the Empire State Building.
It isn't the tallest building in the world now, but it's still very tall.
Oh yes, all the tourists want to go to the top because you can see all of the city from there.
Yes, and it's one of the most beautiful buildings in New York.
Where else did you go?
We went to the theatre and saw a play.
Did you enjoy it?
Yes I did. It was one of the most popular plays in New York,
and everyone cheered when they saw the famous actors.
What else did you do?
We walked over the Brooklyn Bridge because it's one of the best places to visit in New York.
Yes, it's a fantastic place to see the city from.
Did you stay in a nice hotel?
Yes, but it was one of the most expensive hotels in the city.